[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today only to be
showing you a hall from zafu which is a
clothing company that recently contacted
me and sent me some really lovely items
so for each of the items that they sent
me I'm going to be devising an outfit
and this is not that which is quite
range of lifestyle ask every item will
be linked down below and I also leave a
link to the clothing company itself one
thing I just wanted to quickly comment
on before I start this video is the
packaging with these items come in so
every item comes in one of these Ziploc
bags and the plastic is thick enough
that you can reuse them they're not
disposable as somebody who really loves
organizing I am definitely going to be
reusing these bags for organization in
my wardrobe so with that said I'm going
to get on to showing you these outfits
and at the end there's also some clips
from one thing that my sister ordered
from the company so you can also see
that at the end of the video
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh so I thought this scarf is quite
Potter s so I'm going to pull this
outfit
[Music]
I love this so much and actually
obsessed with this scarf I'm going to be
wearing it so much it's more of a sure
[Music]
so this is the third stuff that I got
and again it's so hot water in there
owls all over it so we've got this white
one which looks a lot like headway and I
think that this one where is it this one
looks a bit like a cow I imagine pig
wouldn't look
[Music]
so this dress also actually comes in
pink and I was actually sent the pink
one as well
however I've already worn this and it
was dirty so I had to put it in the wash
so I didn't love it for this video but I
will show it in a later video but I love
the way this dress looks because it's
just so old-fashioned
[Music]